Large refactor of documentation (#190)
dandi/dandi-docs: docs/user-guide-sharing/converting-data/nwb-guide.md

# NWB GUIDE

The [NWB GUIDE](https://nwb-guide.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) (Graphical User Interface for Data Entry) is a cross-platform desktop application for converting data from common proprietary formats to NWB and uploading it to DANDI.

## Overview

NWB GUIDE provides a user-friendly interface for:

- Converting data to NWB format
- Validating NWB files
- Uploading data to DANDI
- Managing Dandisets

This tool is particularly useful for users who prefer a graphical interface over command-line tools.

## Getting Started with NWB GUIDE

1. **Installation**: Follow the [installation instructions](https://nwb-guide.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installation.html) to install NWB GUIDE on your system.

> 2. **Converting Data**: NWB GUIDE supports conversion from various formats. See the [conversion documentation](https://nwb-guide.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user_guide/conversion.html) for details.

Reviewer: This page returns 404.

> 2. **Converting Data**: NWB GUIDE supports conversion from various formats. See the [conversion documentation](https://nwb-guide.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user_guide/conversion.html) for details.

Author: ```suggestion
2. **Converting Data**: NWB GUIDE supports conversion from various formats. See the [NWB GUIDE tutorials](https://nwb-guide.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/index.html) for details.
```
